docs(agents): notify on suspicious signature/BC changes without blocking (#346)
kestra-io/client-sdk: AGENTS.md

./generate-sdks.sh python       # Python only
./generate-sdks.sh go           # Go only
```

## Signature Changes — Notify, Don't Block

> Java, and now parts of Python (`executions_api.py`), are **hand-written**, not generated — a manual rewrite can silently drop a parameter with no generator to catch it. This already happened to `resumeExecution`'s `inputs` param in Java, and independently to `create_execution` / `resume_execution` / `replay_execution_with_inputs` in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java, Python and Go are **hand-written**, not generated — a manual rewrite can silently drop a parameter with no generator to catch it. This already happened to `resumeExecution`'s `inputs` param in Java, and independently to `create_execution` / `resume_execution` / `replay_execution_with_inputs` in Python.
```
